Depreciate axure.mysql module (#8)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.mysql: Package.md

## Package overview

> **This package is depreciated in favour of [mysql.driver](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/mysql.driver)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This package is deprecated in favour of the [`mysql.driver`](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/mysql.driver)**
```
